-[narr] June,
-Hooray!
- Nankatsu Middle School.
-We will win! Yeah!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-[narr] Nankatsu's
- middle school,
-We will win!
- despite being
-Hooray! Hooray!
- a public school, gained
-That's our team!
- a lot of popularity
-Yeah!
thanks to its beloved
soccer team.
- The likes of which had
-Teppei!
many skilled players.
- They became the talk
-[grunt]
of the town.
When our favorite
player Tsubasa
entered the school,
he immediately became
the captain of the team.
And thanks to
his teammates efforts,
Nankatsu has been
crowned the champions of
the national tournament
for two consecutive years.
This will be
their last summer...
before prepping
to get ready for college.
Ah, this can't be!
Always keep your eyes
on the ball, Kenichi!
Ishizaki, we need to
run back and defend fast.
Aw, at this rate,
I won't be able to
see him score.
Hey, Tsubasa!
Let Ishizaki defend
by himself.
That's the only thing
he's good for.
Hey, I heard that.
You can come and defend
if you'd like.
Uh-uh.
[Sanae] They're playing
differently now.
Huh?
Tsubasa used to play
as the forward before.
But now,
he's the centre-midfield
that keeps the team
together.
So he's a midfielder?
Wow, you can tell you know
nothing about soccer, Kumi.
Okay, just stop hitting me,
Yukari.
-It hurts, you know?
-[laugh]
The midfielder position
is a key role.
His position is to be
in the center of the field.
He has the responsibility
of giving instructions
to the other players,
pace the rhythm of the game,
-as well as
-Teppei,
-create opportunities
-you need to cover
-for the forwards.
-the left wing with Ryo.
He's a player
who's on the defensive
-as well as the offense.
-[grunts]
It's a difficult position,
but not for him.
You can do it, Tsubasa!
I believe in you! Score!
[Yukari]
You can do it, Tsubasa!
I believe in you!
Score!
[grunt]
[scream]
Did you see that?
Wow!
Nankatsu improved quite
a bit, don't you think?
Yeah, but we'll represent
the Shizuoka prefecture
this year.
You got that right.
This time,
we're more than ready
to defeat
Nankatsu Middle School
in the prefecture's finals,
you guys.
We have a secret weapon
in store waiting for them.
Hey, what do you think,
Nitta?
Well, I think that...
we're going to win
by a two goal margin.
Don't you forget that after
all of you left Nankatsu,
I carried our team
into victory.
And today won't be
any different.
[narr]
Episode 29:
The Opening of
Summer (Start)!
Hello, Tsubasa.
You've had tremendous growth
since the last championship.
Thank you for
-the kind words, sir.
-It looks like he's
-How do you feel nowadays?
-gotten even more popular.
-Training hard?
-The media's been
all over Tsubasa lately.
Yeah, that's true all right.
Even more so now,
since he went to
that intensive training camp
in the spring.
Well, I think he's always
one step ahead of us,
-no matter what happens.
-It's too true.
Hey, what're you guys
talking about?
Last time I checked,
soccer is an 11 player
sport, isn't it?
You're all important.
[laughs]
I'm just glad you're not
the same bratty girl
from three years ago, Sanae.
[Kenichi]
That's true.
She used to be the head
of the cheer squad
and she was very aggressive.
[Hajime] Who would've known
she would get more girly?
[Manabu] To be honest,
she surprised all of us.
It's like she's
a different person now.
Sanae was aggressive?
That's incredible.
I can't picture her
acting that way now.
-People mature.
-Huh?
It's very normal.
They say love can
make people change
for the better.
What?
No, don't tell me that she--
[gasp] Hey, could you stop
talking about me already?
-[chuckle]
-That must mean that
you're in love with someone.
Who wouldn't be after
watching Tsubasa play
so handsomely?
[chuckle] You sure show him
a lot of love.
Some of us are more handsome
than he is, you know.
-[laughs] Please, Ishizaki,
-[growl]
-stop kidding yourself.
-What?
Someone would have to
be blind to cheer for you.
I dare you to
-say that again. It's not
-[growl]
like you're Ms. Universe.
-No one even likes you.
-[growl]
[growls]
Next semester,
the elimination phase
for the summer tournament
will start.
Would you like to speak
a bit on the subject?
Yeah.
For this year,
I plan on winning
the national tournament
for the third
consecutive year.
You're the rival to beat,
and we know that teams
from other regions
are training hard
to try and defeat you
this time around.
You'll have to face
Hyuga from Toho Academy,
as well as Sawada
and the goalkeeper
Wakashimazu.
And we know they have
their sights set on
stealing the title
away from you.
There's team Furano,
who's lead by
Hikaru Matsuyama,
trains very hard
under severe conditions
to become even stronger.
The Tachibana twins
from Hanawa Middle School
and Jun Misugi from Musashi
are top scorers
that you'll surely have to
face again in the field.
I'm excited.
I can't wait to go
head to head against them.
Thank you for the comments,
Tsubasa.
We'll be watching you.
We wish you good luck.
-See you later.
-Thank you very much
for the interview.
Just as I imagined,
Hyuga, Misugi...
and the rest...
are giving it their all
right now.
What about you, Misaki?
Where are you right now?
Since that day, I haven't
heard anything from you.
Nor any...
news from you, Roberto.
I followed Roberto's advice
and changed my position
to centre-midfield
instead of forward.
I did everything
he wrote in his book
and concentrated on
learning new techniques.
My physical condition has
improved a lot up until now.
The more I learn
from Roberto,
the more I want to visit
the country
that gave birth
to my beloved soccer.
And that is Brazil.
I'll keep on studying
so I'm ready go
and catch up to Roberto.
[portuguese]
Eu sei que o futebol...
É meu sonho.
É acima...da máquina.
Muito bem...
Your pronunciation has
improved a lot, Tsubasa.
You mean that?
Huh?
Uh... Where are you going,
professor?
[laugh] I just need to
use the bathroom.
[laugh] Well, you know
where it is.
Hello, how are the study
sessions going?
Tell me, is Tsubasa
improving his Portuguese?
I've heard him practicing
day and night,
so there's no doubt
in my mind
he must be improving a lot.
He's doing excellently.
Your son is a fast learner.
Although...
are you guys sure about
this, Mr. and Ms. Ozora?
-Huh?
Aren't you worried that
Tsubasa will be all alone
in Brazil?
He wouldn't have his family
there with him.
Don't you worry.
We've thought about it
for a long time now.
The Japanese
Soccer Federation
has been interested
in our son
for quite a while now.
They're waiting for him
to finish high school
to send him to Brazil,
so he can follow his dreams.
-[snores]
-[Mrs. Ozora] So this
practically will be
the last summer
he spends in Japan.
We'll support Tsubasa
wherever he decides to go.
[Tsubasa] I'm shooting for
my third victory.
Everyone,
pay close attention.
This is the bracket
with the matchups
for the elimination phase.
-Huh?
-Let's see!
-Let me see.
-What?
[Mamoru]
According to the bracket,
we'll have to play
up until the second round.
There's no need to worry,
you guys.
None of the teams
in our prefecture
have a chance against
Tsubasa.
Hey, Coach, Team Otomo
will be playing
until the second round
as well.
That's right.
You could be facing off
in the finals.
Otomo middle school?
Isn't that where
Urabe, Takeshi,
Nakayama and Nishio
play, guys?
I heard they've improved
their abilities
since the last time.
That's nothing
to sweat about, but...
if you're really worried
then...
we can play a practice match
against them beforehand.
Remember that
this means that...
we'd only see them
until the finals.
Huh?
They'll avoid playing us.
I don't think
they want us knowing
how strong they really are.
Exactly.
Team Otomo wants to
wait until the finals
to play against us.
It doesn't matter
who we're up against.
We have to concentrate
and give it our all
on the field to win.
-Yeah!
[narr] Nankatsu
Middle School.
Yeah!
-Good, keep going.
-Go! Yeah!
-I want to see another goal.
-Come on!
Huh?
Tsubasa, look,
isn't that Urabe
and the rest of them?
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Yeah, it's them.
It looks like they came
to get info.
[Kenichi]
Ishizaki, it's yours!
-Here!
-[whistle]
[referee]
The match is over!
Hey, how long as it been
since we saw you guys?
Can you pass the ball?
Thanks.
If you want your ball back,
come and get it.
What?
What is wrong with you?
Just like you heard,
Ishizaki.
Don't forget that
we're rivals from now on.
And so what if we're rivals?
Didn't your mom teach you
to respect your colleagues,
even if they're in
the opposite team?
You're still a cheeky
little brat, Urabe.
We came to give you
important information.
We won't have practice
matches against you anymore.
We'd rather humiliate you
and send you off...
in the elimination phase
of the tournament,
so you'd better get ready.
[growling]
[Shun]
Hey, guys, calm down.
Don't get into a fight.
Weren't you teammates
a long time ago?
Don't scream at him, Urabe.
We'll just have to show
our strength...
to their captain.
Tsubasa, be careful.
-[grunt]
-Now, attack, guys.
-Yeah!
[chuckle]
[gasp]
No, this can't be happening.
They're so much faster
than three years ago.
Can someone tell me
who those guys are?
I can't believe it.
It's Urabe, Takeshi,
Nishio and Nakayama.
Hey, um, Coach,
shouldn't we be
stopping them?
Hmm...
[laughs]
What's wrong, Tsubasa?
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[grunt]
[Mamoru] No, they stole
the ball from Tsubasa.
Impossible.
When in the world
did they become
-so much faster than him?
-Nitta!
It's mine.
[grunt]
Whoa, who is he?
He's really fast.
Morisaki!
[growl]
Take a look at this.
Witness my eagle kick.
[eagle screech]
[gasp]
-Impossible!
[chuckles]
[laughs]
How do you like that,
Nankatsu?
We're not the same guys
from before.
-[laughs]
-You got lucky!
Listen up.
We're looking at the team
who'll represent
the prefecture.
Otomo middle school.
[growls]
Tsubasa, don't worry
about what happened today.
Because after all,
they did learned
a lot from you
when we were part of
the same team.
Yeah.
Well, they learned fast,
because they've improved
their game quite a bit.
-Either way,
- Yeah,
-we're the champions.
- it's true that Urabe
-We're the ones who have
- and the rest have
-something to prove.
- improved a lot.
-We'll win the elimination
- But that's not
-phase and shut their mouths
- the reason...
-for good.
- why I lost the ball.
When I tried stopping it,
the force was so strong,
that my leg fell numb
from the impact.
That player's name
is Shun Nitta.
Where could he have
come from?
He's really strong.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[Shiroyama]
Shun Nitta...
I remember him
being known as
the savior of team
once you left, Tsubasa.
He's the savior?
Exactly.
He could run 100 meters
in 11 seconds
and he has very
agile movements.
He's a player with
incredible talent.
His famous "Falcon Shot"...
is his special technique.
It makes the ball take on
a life of its own.
I'm referring to the spin
he gives the ball.
Yeah, it was surprising.
Nitta has always shown
demonstrated passion
for soccer.
Thanks to Nitta,
the team won the elementary
school national tournament
even when they
didn't have you.
He's so talented
he overcame Takeshi Sawada
from Meiwa by himself,
proving his abilities
in the field.
To be honest,
I don't think
winning
the elimination phase
will be that easy this year,
Tsubasa.
I know.
[boy]
Excuse me,
-are you Tsubasa Ozora?
-Huh?
Can we stay and
watch you practice?
Our dream is to be
excellent players
just like you someday,
Tsubasa.
Of course,
it'll be my pleasure.
[Hanji]
Say it with me, Otomo.
-One!
-Two!
Look, Urabe,
look who we have.
Huh?
Here it goes!
-That was amazing.
-Yeah! All right!
Incredible!
Can you teach me
-to do that?
-Tsubasa!
-Huh?
Hello, Urabe.
I hope you're not thinking
we'll be wasting our time
having a practice match
with the likes of you punks.
What you saw yesterday
was just a taste of what
the real game will be like.
We'll destroy you
in the field!
-Huh?
-[Hanji] You'd better
be ready, Tsubasa.
I'm saying it,
because this time,
we'll defeat you
and your team full of
untalented, mediocre,
attention seeking wannabes.
Stop it, Urabe.
Watch your language, kid.
Let's get out of here,
you guys.
-Yeah.
Oh...
[Shun]
Finally, a worthy opponent.
Make sure to get to
the finals
so we can face each other,
Tsubasa Ozora.
You know, Tsubasa,
I've seen Nitta visit
this field every single day,
for the past two years,
young man.
What?
[Shiroyama] The distance
between Otomo and Nankatsu
is only 18 miles.
He's a young man
who possesses
enormous determination.
Team Otomo
doesn't attack much,
but their defense
is very good.
However, this year
will be a lot different.
Now they have Nitta
to attack,
so they have
perfect balance.
He was the missing
puzzle piece.
Now their team is complete.
[narr]
Team Otomo.
Hmm...
It was a good
practice match,
wasn't it, Mr. Ball?
Oh!
Now more than ever,
we cannot get cocky.
Thinking we have this win
in the bag...
would make us
a mediocre team.
We have to keep on training.
Leave our pride behind,
and surpass ourselves.
I have to improve
all of my skills.
Or I'll flat line.
Here!
[panting]
-Here, you're all sweaty.
-Oh.
Thank you so much.
Sure, no need to thank me.
You just keep working hard.
[chuckle]
[Tsubasa]
Yeah, I'll do that!
[chuckle]
Now we'll play five
against four Nankatsu.
[pants]
Hey, um, Tsubasa,
why don't we
take a break first?
Yeah, at least let us drink
a little bit of water.
Didn't you hear
my instruction?
We'll keep going.
The elimination phase
is about to begin,
and if we don't
train hard enough,
we won't even last
three matches out there.
Everybody heard me.
We have to keep on training.
Yeah, but be more
understanding.
The new guys
are still adjusting
to the rhythm of practice.
Five against four.
Do as I tell you.
Hey, Tsubasa,
calm down already.
Both of you, calm down.
-Huh?
Yeah, but coach--
Take a five minute break.
Then the third year players
will play against
the second and first years.
Tsubasa, you'll play with
the first and second years.
-Huh?
[Furuoya]
Get prepared, kid.
Yeah.
I think that training
for so long under this heat
drove him crazy
[Mamoru]
Exactly.
Doesn't he see that we're
giving it our all
even in training?
You guys are in
your comfort zone.
-Huh?
What're you talking about?
It's very simple.
Your attitude's changed
quite a bit, guys.
-Huh?
-Listen up, guys, this match
-Everybody's determination
-won't be easy.
-slowly faded
They're a good bunch,
-since the second
-we know that.
-championship win.
-Tsubasa, here!
-Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Listen up,
-don't get nervous.
-[Ryo] She thinks
-We can do it!
-we're getting too cocky?
-Yeah!
Then how about
we show Tsubasa
we can beat him
and the new guys together.
Yeah!
[whistle]
Try and catch me.
-Don't let him get through.
-Yeah.
[yell]
Oh, how cute.
[grunts]
Huh?
Izawa, don't lower
your guard
when you are in possession
of the ball.
Here!
Uh... Yeah.
Oh, uh...
[grunt]
I got it.
It's yours, Taki!
Good, you know the wing
is all mine.
-Taki!
-Oh, what the--?
Don't think you'll
always get away
with the same trick.
-Whoa!
-If you don't rely on
other techniques,
they'll take the ball away.
Taki, no!
Kisugi, don't get
distracted.
Huh?
You let yourself
be covered easily.
If you're waiting for Taki
to give you
a crossover pass,
you have to be moving
all the time.
Now what will you do?
Tsubasa...
Come on!
We'll go on the offensive.
-Yes, Captain!
-Let's go, Takasugi.
-Uh-huh.
[growl]
Take this.
[grunt]
Is that all Nankatsu's
defense has really got?
[yelling]
It was a two on one.
[grunt]
[groan]
Morisaki, Wakabayashi
would've been able to
stop that kick
with a single hand.
[groaning]
[gasps]
Tsubasa!
[growl]
-Hmm...
All right, you asked for it.
If that's what you want,
we'll get serious
on you, Tsubasa.
We won't play nice anymore.
We'll steal the ball
no matter what.
You won't get through me.
My friends...
[chuckle]
Uh, I have no idea
what's going on right now.
Let's train some more,
-Nankatsu.
-Yeah, let's do it!
[chuckle]
Prodding their pride
can be useful sometimes.
That's right, Coach.
Now everybody's gotten back
the hunger and passion
they once had
in their eyes.
Wow, I'm beginning
to understand...
Now I know why Sanae
likes him so much.
[grunt]
[screams]
Are you all right,
you guys?
With a body like that,
you're built like a wall.
Yeah.
Hey, Nitta,
your friend is amazing.
Yeah, I know he is.
Ichijo was
the main goalkeeper
during the time I was
playing for Nankatsu.
Now I understand.
With Nitta in the offensive,
and Ichijo
as our goalkeeper,
-we'll definitely win.
-[chuckles] Thank you.
This is awesome.
Now Team Otomo
has two secret weapons
under their sleeves.
This year, we're sure
to beat Nankatsu's team.
[narr] And so,
the elimination phase
to represent
the prefecture of Shizuoka
has finally started.
Here we are once again.
That's right.
Huh?
It's Wakabayashi.
-Huh?
-[laugh]
-Don't push.
"Hello, Tsubasa,
"and my dear friends
in Japan.
"By the time you read this,
"you'll be in
the elimination phase.
"I wish you
the best of luck.
"I'll be cheering for you
from Germany.
"Best regards,
Genzo Wakabayashi,
"Nankatsu's ex goalkeeper."
Our captain wrote to us,
and he wishing us good luck.
-[Katagiri] Tsubasa.
-Huh?
Mr. Katagiri.
It's been quite a while.
The last time I saw you
was in the national
championship.
I sent a lot of videos
of your gameplay
to various schools
in Brazil.
And just like we thought,
many of them are
interested in you.
So then that means
I'll be able to go to Brazil
as soon as I'm done
with high school?
That's it, kiddo.
But for the moment...
just concentrate
on the tournament.
We'll be focusing
on Brazil later.
Yes.
First, you have to become
a full fledged legend,
here in our very
own country.
I know you can do it,
Tsubasa.
If you're to win
the championship
for the third time
in a row...
you'll technically have
four in total,
counting the time before
your high school years.
Once you're able to
accomplish this,
you'll be at the top
of the pyramid.
Only then will you
get to go to Brazil.
And when you do,
soccer in Japan...
will change completely.
Tsubasa, you must become
the leader
that'll change soccer
in our beloved country.
Yeah.
I'm going to get my third
consecutive championship.
I won't let anyone
take our title.
[chuckle]
It's true.
I completely forgot that...
this is the last year
that...
Tsubasa will be in Japan.
[ann]
Ladies and gentlemen,
we're here in
the elimination phase
of the Shizuoka
prefecture.
[female ann] Up next,
the banner ceremony.
[ann]
The championship banner
has finally returned.
Last year, the champion
of the tournament was...
Nankatsu,
lead by the incredible
Captain Tsubasa,
who celebrates their
second championship win.
Listen up, Ishizaki.
This year,
our team will be the one
-to take that banner home.
-Huh?
[chuckle]
You're dreaming, Urabe.
That banner's
already ours.
There's no way
you can ever defeat us.
Ha! Then how about
we make a bet
that the team who loses
has to do anything
the winner
asks them to, huh?
[laugh]
Interesting.
Can't wait to make you
my slave.
There's no way you could
possibly win.
This time, I'll make sure
you shred all of you
into tiny pieces.
The Otomo school won't lose
to a mediocre team
likes yours.
I dare you to say
that again, you idiot.
Want a taste of my knuckle
sandwich, Mr. Otomo School?
-Let it go, man.
-Stop, Ishizaki.
[Shun] You'd better
make sure you secure...
all of your other matches,
Tsubasa.
Huh?
[chuckle]
What's wrong with him?
[growl]
[Shun]
I won't let you ridicule us.
I'll make sure to make you
feel the fear of losing
and be humiliated
in the finals.
Tsubasa Ozora,
prepare yourself.